Subject: More E3 stuffs
Date: 02 Jun 1998 00:00:00 GMT
From: oldfart_sd@my-dejanews.com
Organization: Look up here you idiots! http://seniordads.home.ml.org/
Newsgroups: alt.digitiser

More E3 stuffs- I don't think Digi covered all the games here!

http://www.wired.com/news/news/culture/story/12621.html

"*Elmer's Cut and Build 3-D:*
It just might be the first computer game  brought to you by a glue
factory. Kids can design an entire medieval  village (or space
station) on their screens with drag-and-drop  architecture, then
print it out in full color, cut it out, and glue the whole  town together.
Paste provided. "

This is *EVIL*! It will encourage glue-sniffing!!!

"*Daikatana: The next Quake?*
Game-design legend John Romero's time-traveling action title takes
fans of the "first-person shooter" genre from ancient Greece to futuristic
space stations. Ultra smooth rendering of aliens, guns, enemies ...
and more guns."

Woo, this is great!!!! I was just thinking: there's not enough Quake clones in
the software business, so this is really mega-triff!!!

"*Beneath:*
A third-person action adventure title set in 1906, where you play an
Indiana Jones-type adventurer who descends into a hidden world through
a fissure in a glacier. Put your hero through all kinds of neat movements,
including hand-over-hand maneuvers along ledges and cables, and
tricks with grappling hooks. "

Dunno about this though- all this manouvering thru rocks and ice and stuff
sounds a bit too complex for me!!! And it's in third-person!! Watch this
flop!!!!

"*Perfect Dark:*
Another first-person action game from Nintendo, brought to you by the
team that designed the smash hit Goldeneye. Players take the role of
Joanne Dark, a cyberpunk-styled gunslinger in the year 2023, and blast
away at big-headed aliens and other enemies, with the help of "real-time
ray tracing" and "natural intelligence" technology.

Joanne Dark!!!! Perfect Dark!!! Ho ho, what a good pun!!!! Great, another 1st
person shoot-em-up, and it's in a cyberpunk stylee as well!!! Let's hope they
have loads of really good cyberpunk music like Billy Idol!!!!!!!

"Abe's Exoddus: From the developers of Oddworld comes the sequel to Abe's
Oddysee, another chapter in the series of side-scrolling "platform" adventure
games starring Abe, an odd-but-lovable "Mudokon" who's also a hunchback. He
uncovers a grim plot involving bones and beer. "

Wow, this sounds so wacky it could be a Japanese game!!! Mind you, it's side
scrolling platform stuff, so it might only appeal to kids!!!

"*Age of Empires II:*
The game that made Microsoft a serious player in the world of computer
gaming as well as word processors will be back at the end of the year,
pending US Justice Department approval. Strategy gaming fans will likely
invest hours working through history from the Dark Ages to the Renaissance."

...Which sounds absolutely bloody boring, if you ask me!! What's this about
Microsoft that they make such brilliant app, yet when they turn their talents
to games, they come up with really boring shit like Flight simulators or card
games!! I think the Department of Justice should *really* be taking them to
court for their mind-bendingly dull and boring games!!!!

"Tomb Raider III: [...]"

Well, you all know about that- cor that Lara, what a "foxy" chick!!!!

"*Asteroids:*
This PlayStation and PC title is among a line of revived and revamped
"vintage" titles at the show that also includes a remake of Centipede.
This time around, you're working your laser cannon in 3-D, and those
rocks can come at you from any side, or above, or below."

So that's what Hasbro having been doing with their Atari booty!!! Actually
that versh of Asteriods sounds a bit hard to play!! If it's in 1st person,
you're not going to be able to see all the rocks coming at you (especially
from behind!!), and if it's in 3rd person, how are you going to tell what
rocks are in frony of you or behind you, and how will you be able to tell in
which direction towards or away from the screen your gun is pointing!??

 "*Lego Builder:*
You'll never run out of plastic with this game in which you
assemble toys, cars, and anything else on screen from a bottomless
bucket of virtual bricks. Once you're done, you can print out a diagram
and give it to your friends. "

Yeah!!!!! Who needs *real* lego when you can buy a Pentium 369MZh and
Win98, and various sound and video cards, and Lego Builder!!! Sounds a lot
more convenient to me!!!!!

"Interstate 82: Picks up where Interstate 76 -- a funky action-driving game
stocked with muscle cars bristling with big guns -- left off. Same characters,
new graphics engine, new-wave cars, and new-wave soundtrack"

Well, I don't know if I like the idea of a "new wave" soundtrack. I find
Enya a bit boring really!!!!!!!!!!

Well, what does anyone else think?

Old Fart!

-----== Posted via Deja News, The Leader in Internet Discussion ==-----
http://www.dejanews.com/   Now offering spam-free web-based newsreading
