Subject: Re: alt.digitiser = Badly set up = Kill Stupot Campbell
Date: 05 Sep 1998 00:00:00 GMT
From: "Stuart Campbell" <thumbs_aloft@dial.pipex.com>
Organization: Thumbs Aloft!
Newsgroups: alt.digitiser

Y'know, I *was* going to refute this, pointing out the obvious inaccuracies
and detailing the actual true story for about the 20th time, but then I
decided I just couldn't be bothered.

Getting a Digi newsgroup set up was an experiment, in response to lots of
people asking for one and Biffo and I wanting to communicate a bit more
interactively with the readership at large.

Since, however, the readership at large appears to be dominated by complete
fuckwits like Arran, "God", Jim Dove and Nick here, it would appear that
that that's not as desirable an effect as we might have originally hoped.
The experiment, it seems, has failed. We tried to give Digi readers a forum
to have fun talking about Digi and games and stuff generally with Digi
writers and fellow readers, and got mostly a load of irrelevant juvenile
drivel, with the few worthwhile bits coming mostly from people who've now
been driven away by the weariness of ploughing through all the shit.
Therefore, I'll be joining Uncle Biffo in sodding off and leaving you all to
shout it out amongst yourselves. In leaving, however, please be so kind as
to note the following:

1. I didn't set up alt.digitiser, nor did I have anything to do with getting
it removed. I'm in no way whatsoever responsible for any failings in its
creation or structure.

2. I didn't breach ONE SINGLE RULE of the uk. hierarchy in attempting to set
up an "official", "approved", "legitimate" group, nor did anyone else
involved. Repeated challenges were made to the UK Usenet Committee to
specify which rules had been broken, and not a single one was answered.

3. After all the horrendous unpleasantness with the Usenet hierarchy, I
tried to get everyone here to move across to the uk.games.video.misc group,
which was properly formed, relevant and almost entirely unused, and hence
ideal for "colonisation" as a surrogate Digi group. Everyone else, however,
simply refused to go.

Therefore and in summary, fuck off and die, you silly twat. I've had enough
of wasting my time trying, purely out of the goodness of my heart and for no
kind of reward, to do something good for undeserving cretins like you.

Goodbye.
